# CS255
System Analysis and Design

In this class we were tasked with creating an application for a client named DriverPass.  DriverPass wanted to take advantage of a problem they saw where people were not prepared for written and driving tests when they wanted to get their driverse license.  The application would allow users to taking classes and training tests, as well as schedule practice sessions with driving instructors.
For this project, I learned a lot about the different type of UML diagrams and I feel like a did a pretty good job of modeling the project with different types of diagrams.  However, while I feel I did a pretty good job with these diagrams given it was my first time doing some of them, I definitely could improve most of them.  In particular, if I were to redo my use-case diagram, I would pay more attention to primary and secondary users and where I located them on the diagram.  This is something I learned after I submitted the diagram and would definitely implement this change if I were to resubmit.
This class really emphasized the importance of listening to and being able to interperet user needs.  After all, the whole point of creating any application is to solve a problem for an end-user.  However, if you are unable to interperet what the client is saying in a way that will deliver the end result they are hoping for, it will be nearly impossible to be successful.  
Another huge takeaway from this course is the importance of two-way communication with the client.  Just because you think you understand what the client wants, it is just as important to communicate back to them what you understand the requirements to be.  This is where the UML diagrams come in handy and are a great tool for sparking further conversation and removing any misunderstanding or ambiguity.\
Overall, I learned a lot in this course and will definitely be implementing some of the tools I learned in my immediate professional career.`
